BEARDBASH
=============
This is a HTML/Javascript package that emulates a terminal window. It tries to catch any and all keyboard input and is able to send it to an API as a string. Usually, you'll want to echo the response.

The functions to send to the API and receive from the API are defined in the second and third argument of the BeardBash class constructor.

To-do's
-------
- [ ] The binds to force focus on the (hidden) input field can surely be improved. Right now they are too rudimentary and are basically the bottleneck for multiple BeardBash instances on one page.
- [ ] Check if hyperlinks with a data-input attribute set result in automatically sending this input, thus making hyperlinks part of the BeardBash
- [ ] Contain CSS rules to within a BeardBash instance (suggested: adding a class "beardbash" to the containing element)
- [ ] Move HTML contents from container to a function that is run upon construct
- [x] Make HTML generated by BeardBash more customizable

License
-------
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 license. In short:

* __Attribution__ — You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).
* __Noncommercial__ — You may not use this work for commercial purposes.
* __Share Alike__ — If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

The code in this repository was written by Wybe Minnebo (wybe@x-54.com) from http://www.x-54.com. Please leave any existing commented sections with this name and URL in place.

For more information: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/


